feat(taiko):restruct code and add tests (#7)
taikoxyz/hive: simulators/taiko/ops/README.md

# Hive Taiko RPC test suite

> It tests several real-world scenarios on taiko such as sending value transactions,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It tests several real-world scenarios on taiko such as transferring ethers,
```
